# Get Started

**Well, well, first of all, welcome and thank you for trying the Python version of [neuropsydia for research](https://github.com/neuropsychology/neuropsychology.R). I'm sure you will like it as, while still in developpment, it already has some powerful functions that will help you create your tasks and experiments.**
 
Enough talking ! So, after the [installation](https://github.com/neuropsychology/Neuropsydia.py#installation) of the neuropsydia package, open your python code editor (*e.g.,* [spyder](https://pythonhosted.org/spyder/installation.html), available within the [WinPython](https://winpython.github.io/) bundle).
 
Spyder is your python code editor, which means it is here that you will write functions that will almost magically come to live once the program is launched.
 
So, the blue-ish part on the left is the editor, which works basically like a random text editor (notepad), except that it automatically colors python functions and cares about indentation.
indentation
      is
            this
                    but,
we will talk about it later, in the basics of python part. In the upper right, you will find some things that we don't care about (for now). In the lower right, you will find the CONSOLE, the gaping hole of python. It's interface with us, poor little humans. If you type something in there, it will swallow it, do something with it, and then, maybe, return you something. Also, it's great for calculus, try typing 5*2 and press enter.
 
Pretty cool, huh?
 
But for now, let's focus on some simple things, such as how to load, start and close neuropsydia.
 
 
# 1. Import Neuropsydia
 
Neuropsydia for research is a module which, like any other module, must be loaded in order to be used. In python, we load modules simple typing:
 
import themoduleiwanttoload
 
Then, I can use its functions:
 
themoduleiwanttoload.function1()
themoduleiwanttoload.function2()
 
However, as you can see it, it's pretty anoying to write the full name of the module each time we use one of its function. Fortunately, Python allows us to load a module under another name, for example the letter "x".
 
import themoduleiwanttoload as x
x.function1()
x.function2()
 
Better. That's what we are going to do with neuropsydia, loading it under the name "n".
 
Nonetheless, unlike many other packages, Neuropsydia CANNOT be loaded without two of its function, start() and close().
 
 
 
# 2. Start and close
 
What happends is basically that neuropsydia needs to initialize several things before being ready to use, and those things are initiated with the start function. Moreover, adding the close() function at the end will close everything in a clean fashion. 
 
Therefore, every experiments, after loading the neuropsydia module, will start by the start() function and end with the close() function.
 
Let's try it. Write in the editor (the left part) the following lines of code.
 
import neuropsydia as n
 
n.start()
n.close()
 
 
 
# 3. Execute your code
 
Rest of your code will go between the start() and the close() functions. But these 3 lines are a minimal working program, so let's try it.
 
To execute an entire python program, always open a new python console (In spyder, go to console, then click on open a new python console), then press F5 (or the green arrow).
 
do it.
 
...
 
tadaaaa, voilà, you've created your first neuropsydia-based program :)
